
Table of Contents:
------------------
1.0) Introduction
 * 1.1 About ResidualVM
 * 1.2 Quick start
2.0) Contact
 * 2.1 Reporting Bugs

1.0) Introduction:
---- -------------

1.1) About ResidualVM:
---- -----------------
ResidualVM is a program which allows you to run certain classic 3D games,
provided you already have their data files. ResidualVM just replaces
the executables shipped with the game, allowing you to play them on
systems for which they were never designed!

1.2) Quick start:
---- ------------
For the impatient among you, here is how to get ResidualVM running in five
simple steps.

1. Download ResidualVM from <http://www.residualvm.org/downloads.php> and
install it.

2. Create a directory on your hard drive and copy the game datafiles
from the original media to this directory. Repeat this for every game
you want to play (it is better to use a separate directory for each
game).

3. Start ResidualVM.

Choose 'Add game', select the directory with the game datafiles (do
not try to select the datafiles themselves!) and press 'Choose'

4. A dialog should popup allowing you to configure various settings if
you wish to (it should be just fine to leave everything at its default,
though). Confirm the dialog.

5. Select the game you want to play in the list, and press 'Start'.

ResidualVM remembers the games that you add. So if you close ResidualVM,
the next time you start it again the list of game will contain all the
games you previously added. You can therefore go directly to step 5, unless
you want to add more games.

Hint: If you want to add multiple games in one go, try pressing and
holding the shift key before clicking 'Add game' -- its label will
change to 'Mass Add' and if you press it, you are again asked to select
a directory, only this time ResidualVM will search through all
subdirectoriess for supported games.


2.0) Contact:
---- --------
The easiest way to contact the ResidualVM team is by submitting bug reports
(see section 2.1) or by using our forums at http://forums.residualvm.org .
You can chat with us on IRC (#residualvm on irc.freenode.net)
Please do not ask us to support an unsupported game -- read the FAQ on
our web site first. Note that the official language of the forum and chat is
English and no other languages should be used.


2.1) Reporting Bugs:
---- ---------------
To report a bug, please create a GitHub account and follow the "Bug Reports"
link from our homepage. Please make sure the bug is reproducible, and still
occurs in the latest git/Daily build version.
Also check the known problems list (below) and the compatibility list on
our website for that game, to ensure the issue is not already known:

  http://www.residualvm.org/compatibility/

Please do not report bugs on games that are not listed as being
completeable in the 'Supported Games' section, or compatibility list. We
-know- those games have bugs.

Please include the following information:
    - ResidualVM version (PLEASE test the latest git/Daily build)
    - Bug details, including instructions on reproducing
    - Language of game (English, German, ...)
    - Version of game (talkie, floppy, ...)
    - Platform and Compiler (Win32, Linux, FreeBSD, ...)
    - Attach a savegame if possible
    - If this bug only occurred recently, please note the last version
      without the bug, and the first version including the bug. That way
      we can fix it quicker by looking at the changes made.

Finally, please report each issue separately; do not file multiple
issues on the same ticket. (Otherwise, it gets difficult to track the
status of each individual bug). Please keep also in mind that all the
bug reports must be written in English.
